4C Protocol

Abstract
Crypto-financing with physical assets.
Using the decentralization and unaltered feature of cross chain, to anchored the real assets in the cross chain system.
Issuance of Asset Certificates (Token), provides an open and transparent platform to manage and trade asset certificates (Token).
Improved Ethereum through Asset-Backed Security
Crowdsale Project
Token	Crowdsale time
(Period - 1) : 12018-05-01 to 12019-05-01 (30% discount)
(Period - 2) : 12019-05-02 to 12020-12-31 (20% discount)
(Period - 3) : 12021-01-01 to 12022-12-31 (10% discount)
(Period - 4) : 12023-01-01 - Ongoing

Road Map
See Road Map for more details.

Key Products
Crowdfunding platform
Financial Statement.
Certificate of debt-paying ability.
Provide secondary market transactions platform.
Assist in creating Smart contracts with different types of asset.
Proof of Assets.
Auditing documents.
Signature of regulatory unit (issuer, auditor).
Crypto Asset-Backed Security
Every Token has a real asset unit as a collateral.
Open Source project     - Cryptographic Assets Smart Contract Library
Key Processes
Build the CryptoABS platform.
Build a "Proof of Asset" service that produces credit ratings system for individual Assets.
Construct the bridge between real assets and Ethereum, with the asset certificate (Token) to replace the physical assets, to trade assets through the Smart Contract.
Smart Contract Library with various types of asset, including Stock, Bonds.
Construct the Trust Model of Multi-party participant supervision & control.
Product Life Cycle
Product Life Cycle

Proof of Assets / Proof of Solvency Process
The asset verification process includes asset verification and debt-paying ability review.

Proof of Assets

Deploy Smart Contract Process
Our platform help creating Smart Contracts, identify the subject with asset authentication, and select the template for the different Smart Contract to generate the corresponding Token.

Deploy Smart Contract

Transfer Token Process
Token trading process, second market

Token Trade

Interest / Dividend Process
Issue Interest

Proof of Asset / Proof of Solvency / Cryptographic Assets Audit
Asset certification process will verify the assets through multi-party units, and only way to released Smart Contract to Ethereum block chain is through the asset certification process . Asset certification information will be put on IPFS, and establishment a link of the smart contract to check up at any time. Debt-paying ability certification will determine the size of the interest rate and the size of issuance by examining the solvency of the issuer.

Proof of Asset Participants
Participants are actual companies or units outside the block chain.

Asset issuer
The CryptoABS platform allows any asset-certified asset issuer to issue assets through the platform, in order to anchor the asset and implement the transaction model through Smart Contract.

Independent auditors
The CryptoABS platform has a credit assessment company that can assist asset publishers to verify the value and quantity of assets and assist asset issuers to issue exact quantities of Token.

Multi-party trust mechanism
The CryptoABS platform will have a number of independent participants to provide a transparent platform for Cryptographic Assets.

Smart Contract
Smart contract will provide three templates:

Bonds
Bond-type smart contract, support periodic interest paying, payment due date.
Stocks
Stock-type smart contract, equity certificate, support dividend payout, allow trading and cash.
Assets
Asset-type smart contract, Token is the asset carrier, allowing trading and cash.
Smart contract will provide de-centralized trading function:

Order book
Oracle Entities
Communicate with external resources through Oracle concepts to get the corresponding information

Key Benefits
Do not need to log in via browser
All asset certification contracts are transparent and 100% through Ethereum for management and verification, can transferred Token by using ERC20 interface wallet, and the average transaction time is 15 seconds only.

Transparent asset trading process
The accounting books of Ethereum block chain will automatically save the transaction records.

Asset vouchers will exist on the chain forever
All the assets will be recorded in Ethereum, permanent. Even if the CryptoABS platform shut down, each contract that has been generated can be recognized and admitted by the courts in every national jurisdictions.

Conclusion
The CryptoABS platform will provide a transparent, easy-to-audit, secure smart contract platform for all intelligent contracts, using Ethereum to decentralize the consensus system with IPFS in the block chain implementation of Cryptographic Assets.

Further Reading
Ethereum White Paper: https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper
