Calculation of the Worth of the Currency

This document is about the using the DijIOT CrossChain mechanism, indiviually and corporately.

* DijIOT is a CryptoCurrency based on an average persons live value by the government. 

How we calculated it?

We're collecting every official datas aswell as unofficial De-Facto datas for calculation of the currency. So here is some basic informations;

World Population :7,595,159,924 (1)

World population (WP) is important for calculation of the total supply of the money by year. We will add the information source to the project also.

Estimated Life Time: 71,4 Years (2) = 2255371776 seconds Total Money Supply (TMS) Per Person/Year

Total Money Supply (31.12.12017 - 31.12.12018) : WP * TMS = 17129875169190400000.00000

You can create any projects focused on the Universal Basic Income and use it. However there is some simple rules.

- In order to add your 3rd party application, there will be testing and approving teams. This teams could have been selected by the personal application with your ID number.
- If you applied to be in the testing and approving team and if you have selected for this process, after this period you will fill a survey and rate the application. You will gain extra tokens filled with currency.
- DijIOT is using 4C Protocol which is created by Orhan Abuşka. Simply this protocol let's the transaction to be made with a refference from the eco-system.

4C Protocol (CrossChain CryptoCurrency) protocol

4C Protocol is a nod based protocol system. There is 3 types of integer on the code. Sender - Receiver - Refference

To start interaction sender should open his wallet (add-on, application or hardware cold wallet). When the sender call the start function, system will connect to the already approved Nods and make a random choice other than the sides of the transaction. Refference Nod will request the account datas from both side. During transaction, money transfer will be made through the Refference and both sides will provide the guarantee signature and money to the refference. 
After the confirmation by both senders and receivers rating the transaction, Refference will enter the signature in order to complete the transaction
After successfully informing and securing whole ecosystem about the transaction, Refference Nod will wait for selecting to be a refference to another transaction.

The Value of the Currency

DijIOT is a spendable CryptoCurrency. That's mean you can transfer and spend your money from your wallet. Your ID nr, Tax nr and some other informations will be collected and encrypted by the programs. During this transaction a value will be created due to supply - demand, reward-fine, commision calculations. 
This calculations will go to the 3 side of the transaction + Governments Fund (Investing system will be processing for the Government by the people) + Company Projects. Government fund can go to up to 33%. 

Supply Demand Calculation

In order to use DijIOT in digital or physical shopping consumer will use digital wallet. Personal Start-ups, Digital and Physical Companies should get a registration number from the Dijital Rönesans.
After getting this registration number a payment solution will be integrated to the consumers system. This will provide the chance to enter to the refference program consumer and consumer will be pretend trusted partner by the Dijital Rönesans.
If you applied for the "Trusted Partnership" program, your wallet will be use for the Refference Program and you will have rights to get some extensions to follow up your companies service or product demand - supply balance
Your companies web platform will be integrated to the official website and you will have right to advertise your service and production to the possible consumers. At the end of this process you will provide 50% discount for your product and service and you will get the amount of this 50% 's worth as DijIOT. 
The calculation of the service will calculate with the criterias of the importance of your business. For example if you're working in an art company you will get special commision rates. If you're working in science, health, humanitarian sectors you will get special rates. For Luxury and Commercial purposes rates will change.

Investing System

In the future, according to the Dijital Rönesans 's prospected timeline, new developments will be made and new applications, softwares, platforms and hardwares will be provide by the company.
Any Approved Nod will have a chance to join the survey program. Simply if you're a trusted partner, you will have a chance to join to the program if you will. You can fill any survey and send it to the ecosystem.
After this survey you will earn more money to spend. However all your choices, answers, rates and all necessary information will be keep by the company.
At the end of the next year you will get the reward or fine according to your choices. So this program is a catalytic to ecosystem and also will be the most civilized and technocratic trust contract between every part of the ecosystem.

Investment - CrowdFunding - Discount Market 

Any 3rd party will be accepted by the ecosystem. Ecosystem means whole approved 3rd parties as well as Dijital Rönesans Platforms. Any project will be welcomed by the community however there will be some rules.

- 3rd party commision rates should be approved by the community.
- Any Application must be approved by the Dijital Rönesans.
- 3rd party officials accepts the responsibility to all their actions and should remember that all of their informations are in storage in community.
- Dijital Rönesans shall give any information in any legal and official case.
- If there is a loss from any point of the ecosystem, this loss will be covered and all legal actions will be take against the corrupter.

P.S.: All information will be encrypted with a special cryptography method "Assymetric Perceptual Encryption".

Node Structure

System will use 3C (Cantic Cubic Comb) Structure. In this Geometry there's different parts but every member of the ecosystem is converting to this parts during periods. This mean everybody will keep the same file, everybody will check and control the ecosystem, everybody will agree to update to the system.
This structure uses some mathematical calculations. So basically your computer makes this calculations and you are getting paid for this calculations if you are a trusted partner. 

Every single money is limited and could be provided with the commision rates prepared by the Dijital Rönesans in order to keep the system balanced and avoid the bubble inflation.

From now on you can create your own project and offer it to the community in order to develop the ecosystem. Simply contact with Dijital Rönesans for any 3rd party application and hardware partnership. 
Dijital Rönesans always encourages it's partners about developping and preparing projects. 

P.S. : Updates will be made.


